this video is brought to you today by
Squarespace a few weeks ago I share with
everyone my experience on driving a
Tesla Model S that didn't have super
charging or DC fast charging and it was
well not very fun like three hours
sweetie since then all the fanboys came
out of the woodwork and of course do
what they do best defend the hive at all
costs and told me to buy a new Tesla and
stop complaining well little do you know
last year I bought a used one and you
know how that went
if you don't the cliffnotes are I
ordered it in October 2018 and got it in
January of 2019 but that was fine
because the fanboys came to the defense
and said the Tesla was busy doing more
important things
now Tesla and I have a very funny
history where I make dumb videos in the
internet and they grind their teeth
because as silly as I can be I do make
some halfway decent arguments every once
in a while but today is gonna be a
little bit different I decided I'm gonna
give it a shot and drive the best that
Tesla has to offer an on salvaging
any car Vitesse that I have right now
the performance model 3 there's also a
pretty big development about model 3s
which I'll discuss later but I needed to
drive one first let's get inside and
give Stephen my initial reaction Stephen
there is no way there is no way on this
planet watch this ready
holy [__] yeah she bags if there isn't a
person on this planet that can drive a
performance model three and not be
impressed by it
yes I understand the whole thing on
having no soul or emotion or no feelings
or no this or no that but this is
literally the quintessential daily
driving there is not a better daily
driver than a performance model three
all other the thing is you know if you
buy model threes I think all model
threes look like prehistoric frogs but
I'll tell you one thing if you're gonna
buy a prehistoric frog like an idiot you
have to get the performance version the
performance version is the way to go it
is the fastest and one of the most fun
cars I've driven in a very long time
all right guys we're gonna do this in a
second right gonna feel the acceleration
of this car it is so crazy ready all
right you guys ready one two three go
that was crazy
what cars faster with a time slip it's
on a time slip it's like a paper you
know what I keep what's like a
participation medal for ya like if he
was the winner he'd be right he would
have a nice day right now we're actually
gonna visit a relic of mine I was hoping
the car that I had would be more like
the model three like where you you'd
stomp on the accelerator pedal and you
would just go and zo6 is interesting
because the zo6 is a fast car but on on
paper in real world actuality the the
model 3 is the superior vehicle it's
faster it it probably handles pretty
damn well compared to a 15 year old
Corvette this is what happens when you
have a Tesla now this is the car that
really got me in the cars and the car
that my mother wanted when when she was
pregnant with me but she couldn't buy it
because you know she had a baby on the
way but there's a coating of dust on it
you know and it just sits here and sits
here and it doesn't it's hard I'm gonna
start it up for nostalgic purposes right
here
assuming it starts this thing is you
know you know how that goes you know
what's gonna happen but that's good sign
got some light better let's see if she
actually start start yes there we go man
[Music]
it feels like no fog detective so it's
funny just oh god I get okay thank you
just being in this car no it's an older
car but it feels like I'm in a relic you
know what I mean like the the newer cars
the the newer tech it's just completely
passed this thing by but you know what's
funny is that there's something about
this car that even though the model 3 is
faster it performs better it's more
reliable less maintenance there's
something about this car that it just
brings out the enthusiast and me you
know it's it's it's not as fast its
clunky you have to ship it manually but
I'll tell you the sounds of this car
makes man I just can't I'm not
physically ready to let go of it just
yet the memories I've had in this car
you know kicking the tail and around
corners just doing just just being Who I
am you know the adolescence in me it
brings that out this still has a place
in my heart even though it's collecting
dust I just can't let go of it just yet
so I'm gonna give it a whole anniversary
start to see what it sounds like
alright once I get ready take your puppy
roar
[Music]
I'm not getting rid of it haha dude that
model 3 is awesome but like this is like
look at a live-in I actually like this
thing a lot I like it it's fast it's
it's quiet the acceleration is brutal I
think you're I'm gonna do so I'm gonna
anyway yeah I'm gonna website saying how
much I love this thing now making this
page was super simple because I just
used Squarespace yes they Rock the on
one platform the professional website
online store or portfolio it's a great
tool to help me convey the point that
everyone already knows the Tesla Model 3
looks like a hand rolled loaf of bread
but it moves it's easy to claim with a
Menor URL like www dot the model three
jerk me around Jamaican chicken that was
awesome calm or WWF the Model T may look
like a Pokemon from the front but it's
actually a force to be reckoned with
calm so you can create a custom site
that matches your style check out these
page templates because they'll make your
web page look better the model 3 ever
could
hedid WWWF squarespace.com so that's
where it's rebuild to say 10% off your
first purchase of a website or domain
using the code in description box below
thank you Squarespace for sponsoring
this silliness
now for the hell of it I want to go
supercharge it to see what happens and
guess what it's supercharged like a
normal Tesla normally would which was a
distant memory for me if things pass
because I'm able to do that in some time
now now the car is actually much quieter
at Model S was when it used to charge
you so you know the pumps going the
Model 3 but it doesn't sound like a jet
engines gonna take off like an older
model s would now for the hell of it I
went to go pick up a prior to salvage
Model 3 and guess what that charges well
then I call a few my friends haven't
tried their access and guess what they
all worked a few months ago I talked to
my buddy Mike that repaired an all-wheel
drive model 3 for about 20 grand or so I
remember at the end of that episode he
was also pumped to find out he has
worked as well now at first I thought it
was a fluke but after calling around
more over the past several days I came
to the realization that all prior
salvage model theories seem to
supercharged and this is sending back
years now it's great news but Tesla beat
into everyone's heads it's all about the
safety of the cars and the integrity of
the supercharger network now a quick
reminder from their document they stated
that salvaged vehicles may have
sustained damage that can make the
vehicle and safe or damaged Tesla's
equipment second super charging or fast
charging through third-party charges of
a savage vehicle is disabled permanently
now say this again when a Tesla catches
fire or someone like rich rebuilds who
hobbled together a series of Tesla's and
puts everyone's life at risk
allegedly Tesla wants to mitigate this
risk and make sure people safety is that
the utmost priority which is admirable
and the same sentiment that's what the
fanboys keep saying now here's the thing
I will say I was officially wrong and I
owe Tesla apology I was under the
impression it was all about safety I
think it's about the money there's more
Model threes in the road and that's one
hell of a potential revenue stream not
only that but when a non Salvage S or X
is turned back on into Tesla they
canceled the free supercharging a lot of
the times and turn it back into paid
again resulting in income for the
company so it almost seems like if they
can't easy make money off the car and
it's worthless to them and they turn
down support but hey you know what
I guess that's business 101 I'm not
complaining as I come across realization
that my super charging access is never
coming back my model asks because
no money to be made from it the good
news is if you buy a salad bottle three
as of right now and repair it you will
likely have paid supercharging again as
of right now which is awesome news for
those looking for a model three again my
main point is why the change on
supported cars aren't safe allegedly
but however they're for three dollars
they're willing to make an exception now
I just wish that what's in the official
document from Tesla matched what they're
telling employees at the service centers
now I feel like I've done enough ego
stroking for the fanboys for the first
half of this video now sitting inside
the model three is too familiar for me
it looks like I'm putting an iPad on top
of an Ikea table but after I got behind
the wheel and started driving it
I caught the model three bug I started
telling everyone that she got a model
three and of course jumped on facebook
to let everyone know that I drove a
model three and enjoyed the
congratulatory virtual handshakes and
Pat's on the back now I'm going through
the cockroach syndrome right now and you
probably don't know what that is because
I just made it up the model threes are
everywhere kind of like cockroaches the
more you see the more you kind of fade
in the obscurity and there's a reason
why they call them the California camry
pushes all the right buttons it
pleasures you when you need it you push
the accelerator to preserve you you want
to play games I can play games for you
you want to drive for you could do that
too and you could also make cool beats
with it your neighbor has one your
friend has one your grandparents have
one your wife has one good girlfriend
has one your daughter has one and well
over 500 youtubers have one as well the
guy on the street has one and with all
that there's no car that can quite
satisfy your performance needs like the
model 3 hell it's even nimble now I
really really like the performance model
3 I could definitely see why people
liked it so much I didn't mind the
center screen I didn't mind the fact
that didn't have a heads-up display
maybe that's cuz I never really look at
how fast I'm going but these things
never really occurred to me I really did
think the performance of Technology
could make me get over the fact that
from the outside it looks like a Mazda 3
and the inside is very smoking my model
s and the interior is a little too basic
for my needs but if I do bill
the channel it'll likely be for my
mother or my daughter but I'm personally
waiting for the generation 2 model S
which is larger I will probably look
much sportier and the Tesla Roadster
which specs look out of this world but
I'm glad I at least got the chance to
drive one of the Tesla's newest
offerings let me know what you guys
think in the comment section below for
now it seems like you're safe to get a
solid model 3at superchargers so carry
on and I will see you all next week